[Music]
I've been daily driving a fold 4 for the
last two years which is why I was really
excited for the fold six because mine if
you can hear
it oh not in the greatest of uh shapes
so we're going to check out the fold six
see what they've actually improved in
the last two years oh wow we got the
gray version very nice is there anything
else did it not come with the
cable oh thank goodness I was going to
say first they take away the wall wart
then they take away the cable okay good
we just got a USB C Toc here feels like
about 3 and 1/2 ft so from the wall to
your nightstand probably fine but I
don't know I like my 10 m one at home 10
me
10t 10t one and right away I can already
say I missed when my phone used to go
this flat this is really nice already
just to hold the crease is barely
visible I mean with the screen off it's
pretty visible but I think once the
device is on it'll be better but that
camera bump holy cow why not just make
the phone that thick and then you get
like extra battery that's that is
ridiculous they move the flash off to
the side on this one instead of
underneath looks like USBC on the right
side once it's open down firing speaker
top speaker here some of your mics there
is an unders screen camera on the open
screen and then on the
oh man that is a stiff hinge but I guess
again maybe it just needs to be worn in
a little bit and then there's just undre
camera on the front here here we've got
our volume and our fingerprint power
button on this side here as well as our
SIM card on this side here which is very
nice to see that it will take a physical
SIM card instead of just an eim the
inside screen is 7.6 in diagonally and
then the front screen is 6.3 which is
actually 0.1 bigger than the fold five
just because they've changed the pixel
count of both the vertical and the
horizontal on the cover screen here the
old screen was 904 pixels across and
this one is 969 nice it's a small number
difference but I think it feels like
wider than my original one I can't quite
tell just initially it definitely has
some body changes you'll notice that
this screen on the new one definitely
sits more like flush and flat whereas
mine kind of has a slight angle to it
which I think is nice but again that
camera bump man just really annoying to
be fair I didn't like it on this one um
but let's uh let's turn it on and see
what we can see here but not after you
hear a word from our sponsor oh God D
Brand's the sponsor y they have their
new case harden skins where you get a 3%
chance of getting their rare blue gem
skin so uh find it and apply it I hate
stickers we'll find out one
day where did you not put it in
here it's like that Meme of the guy just
mining one day he'll hit it big oh my
God it's this one it was in the first
pile okay well screw you debrand oh okay
this is kind of pretty never mind no
it's not I won't give it to them hold
holy look at that gloss all righty
that's kind of cool I'm going to cover
our asset sticker oh okay actually up
like really bad take a look
Belle oh my God skill come on now oh he
got it thanks Dad all right that does
actually give it some nice Bling No
you're not supposed to put that part on
that doesn't go on this it is it's the
outside no it's not it's the outside
brother this doesn't go on yes it does
oh it does
fit all righty I guess it looks pretty
sick when it's on there if you guys want
to buy the case harden skin head
overshort lines.com and you can also
have a 3% chance to get the blue gem
skin well cuz it I don't think it
represents dbrand the best if I want to
take it off because it's got our asset
sticker bump under it all right so I'm
going to remove it I'm sorry dbrand I'll
steal it and put it on my phone later
you took the acid tag with it oh oh
there we go both screens turning on
during the boot up just like classic wow
this is a very bright screen which makes
sense lab tested it and actually got a
little bit higher than the 2600 nits
that Samsung claims they got 2800 on the
middle screen here and 2700 on the front
screen which I think is over 700 nits
brighter than last generation which is
honestly pretty impressive for a phone
that naturally has a pretty reflective
screen it's going to really help in
those outside situations where you're
watching a YouTube video or playing a
game with a screen this big one of the
first things I did with my fold 4 was
actually start watching a lot of more
YouTube content on my phone I want to
hear how the speakers sound we're going
to listen to crab Rave so as you can see
I pulled out my fold four which has a
little bit of a Bend to it but that's
okay we're going to do the brightness
and kind of the color test on both these
screens side by side it is noticeably
brighter on the fold six which is great
and you can also see the screen size
difference this screen size feels a
little bit bigger than mine even if I
was to flatten mine down which I won't
I'm scared it's going to break but let's
listen to the speakers on uh my fold
four
here all right pretty
good yeah this is definitely much louder
which doesn't always translate to better
keep that in mind sometimes louder
speakers can get distorted or crackle in
this case I can't really notice so I
would be okay with putting these on full
volume maybe not if I'm like trying to
watch a YouTube video late at night that
might scare me if I open a Tik Tok and
it's just yelling at me but I'm sure
some audio file out there is probably
going to have issues with this but as
someone who just wants to watch YouTube
and enjoy it those are
great for just consuming media I think
one of my favorite features by the way
on the fold with YouTube is you can just
likeo and prop it up if you have it on
like a counter or something that is such
a cool little feature then you got all
your controls there it's dumb it's
stupid but I I like it oh when the
screen's all white you can kind of
notice the unders screen camera which is
the weakness of these unders screen
cameras sometimes they have to adjust
the opacity or the number of pixels or a
whole variety of things in order to
still get an image through the screen
but let's uh let's play some genin one
thing I found surprising when I got a
folding device was how many more games I
played I enjoyed going back to Plants
versus Zombies I had felt like I had so
much room looking at my backyard and
everything and I can already say again
I'm going to fall in love with something
like this cuz there's so much real
estate play Call of Duty mobile I know a
lot of pubg mobile players ended up
really enjoying some folding devices
simply because they got bigger fields of
view or more access for more controls
yeah already I'm loving it this is
awesome so much screen real estate it
feels very smooth doesn't quite feel
like 120 which the center screen does
support it supports up to 120 HZ but I
mean a lot of games also don't
necessarily go that high Sometimes some
games are capped at 60 it's not getting
crazy hot which is positive I mean my
old device didn't either but it's not
like they're trying to push this
Snapdragon 8 gen 3 to its absolute
limits but it's still like not warm to
the touch at all right now it's handling
this very well very playable experience
see my phone doesn't lay flat but this
doesn't either when you have a camera
bump this big it still causes you to
tilt it's tilting me this ah just make
it sorry passionately hate camera bumps
I would much rather a phone be thicker
and I get better cooling or better
battery because the phone's already that
thick it doesn't actually make the phone
thicker sorry this is a mini
rant no I'm not now this was the only
game that actually pushed our GPU to
100% usage and I got to say it still is
not heating up in my hand right now uh
it seems totally fine to play with it is
actually a new GPU over the last one
it's the adreno 750 instead of the 740
but overall I think it's still fine
we're getting an average of 53 FPS
according to our Labs testing for an FPS
game 60 FPS is kind of my you know go-to
bar but man mobile chips this is awesome
you would never have been able to play
any sort of game like this you know a
couple years ago even at this frame rate
this is awesome while on paper a lot of
the specs might not be crazy different
especially when it comes to the camera
the cameras are all actually the same as
last generation and the generation
before the biggest feature that Samsung
was pushing at their event was Galaxy AI
including enhance your communication
with call assist chat assist Unleash
Your productivity note assist transcript
assist create epic images including a
drawing assistant where you can like
draw a microphone into a cat's hand and
then it has a microphone let's try note
assist oh you have to turn each
individual setting on oh my goodness you
know what I don't mind that I think
that's a healthier way to integrate AI
into your device cuz maybe there's
something you don't want it to do right
for example if you don't want it to
touch your photos because that's your
family or something that makes total
sense ooh check out the new notes notes
smarter not harder cringe I'm going to
draw a cat let's see if it can pick up
what is that it's a cat give me a second
I haven't drawn the
legs is that yeah ghost Pikachu is that
a horse it's a cat okay how do I AI it
oh oh that looks like an AI button
sketch to image yes Trace around the
drawing you want to
transform I want this to become a
cat holy holy cow this is my magnumopus
all right let's try a different drawing
maybe that wasn't good enough for the AI
Belle give me a suggestion car all
righty let's draw a car you know maybe
it would be nicer if it came with a
stylus apparently it has a new case
though that it can you can buy which has
a stylus holder um if you plan on using
this very often I would suggest that all
right AI fix my
drawing fine tuning with artistic
flare you know what it's pretty bad okay
hold on maybe maybe I just didn't give
it like the right prompt can I like can
you change cuz it it's giving me like
watercolored can I oh yeah illustration
3D cartoon pop art sketch maybe I'll try
that maybe that that that's going to fix
it that's what's that's what this needs
oh okay that's pretty cute that looks
awesome that's way better oh I love it
it's kind of cool there's a lot of
features that can help you in the
commercial for this they showed someone
kind of having the translated text to
Spanish or something on the other side
while they write English it's kind of
nice I don't travel and I'm not an
artist so for me all these AI features
are just me but maybe that everyone to
each their own you know another thing
they talked about was this is going to
get seven OS revisions and seven years
of security updates which honestly Kudos
this is a year and a half though I'm not
holding this phone for 7 years so unless
this device can actually hold up over
those seven years that promises useless
to me and I think it's going to be
useless to a lot of people especially
cuz the screen repair on it is so
expensive when I got a quote to get mine
fixed it was I could just buy another
flagship phone it was not worth it
overall I don't mind that Samsung isn't
making huge revisions between each one
it doesn't make me feel like oh I've
missed out I should have waited a year
it's kind of nice they're doing little
revisions over time but starting at
$1,900 for this phone you could buy a
car for the same price it it's
ridiculous pricing for a phone that
might not last again I might just be a
one-off experience mine might have been
bad I don't know but I don't know if I
could jump the boat right away to it
maybe I'll jump the boat to the seven I
don't know you guys you you guys can
make your own opinion on it well thank
you guys for watching I hope you enjoyed
the video if you did like it and if you
did so much go check out my gam scent
video I got to smell video games it gave
me a headache